foreign
s welcome to another episode of the cro
confidential podcast I'm your host Sam
blonde we have another amazing guest
this week that we'll get to in just a
moment one quick reminder incredible
conference coming up in just the next
few weeks uh saster Europa in London
June 6th and 7th I'll be there and I'm
ecstatic to be there I'll be speaking
about some of the hacks that uh brex put
in place while scaling from zero to 400
million in Revenue I also have a session
with Parker Conrad the CEO of Rippling
uh all the major CEOs all the major VCS
will be there and hope you will be too
moving on today we have this incredible
guest we are back to cros and revenue
Leaders Moving On from the founder-led
sales
programming and we're coming back with a
bang we have the cro of the fastest
growing SAS company ever that's Colin
Jones who is it whiz Colin is a Philly
native I won't give him too much trouble
being a Kansas City native on NFL uh but
Colin started his professional career as
a bdr 14 years ago similar story to me
interestingly worked his way up to his
current role as cro at Wiz which as I
referenced is the fastest growing SAS
company ever zero to a hundred million
in ARR in two years just incredible
performance and we're gonna learn a lot
more about that it's one of the highest
valued private tech companies in the
world valued at 10 billion dollars and
around announced in late February of
this year so 2023 there are not many
Deca corns certainly not many Deca corn
rounds happening in 2023 so whiz is an
outlier there Colin joined in 2021 which
is just a couple years ago February of
2021 just a couple years ago but as I
referenced that was when the company was
near zero so um Incredible Journey and
happy to have you here and learn more
about it thanks for joining Colin Sam
thanks for having me and uh as always a
huge fan and advocate of this Austria
community and so thanks for having us
and congrats up to you and the team on
all your success at brexit and also at
South student Founders fund amazing well
before we jump in and we're going to go
on this unprecedented Journey that
you've been on scaling from one to 100
million or zero to 100 million in just a
couple years
um we're going to focus on recruiting
and customer acquisition uh we'll see
where the conversation takes us Beyond
those two things but before we get into
the specifics let's start with some
context for the audience uh just tell us
a little bit about whiz
yeah so as you mentioned we're uh two
and a half three and a half year old uh
startup right like regardless of what
status it is we've only been in business
for a few years now and uh we primarily
focus on cloud security so we help
Enterprises around the globe King
visibility and then give them contextual
and actionable insights to secure their
Cloud infrastructure
very exciting
um we talked about I mentioned that we'd
spend some time on recruiting let's
start right there many folks in the
audience are going to be at a similar
stage to what whiz was when you joined
um which is looking to hire a revenue
leader and really pour gasoline on what
is sort of like some initial product
Market fit success so let's start there
um you came in with this incredible
pedigree prior to joining whiz which
maybe you can tell us a little bit about
um but how were you first introduced to
whiz and why did you ultimately decide
to join and what really attracted you to
the business
it's
it's action understanding what actually
drove video is is much different than
what I initially thought did right um I
think that we have this
um
industry-wide approach to evaluating the
opportunities in front of us and we do
our diligence and rightfully so like
what how big is the addressable market
right like what does the competitive
landscape look like how good is the tech
what do we need to succeed here and at
some point in my year-long kind of
assessment of different companies
I realized that I wasn't actually
looking for that it was important it's
part of the criteria for a reason but
what I was looking for was people
and so you know and I look back now and
say the reason I'm at Wiz is because of
our CEO and our co-founders
like we we saw the world similarly we
had very different skill sets there was
a a very easy
um
a dialogue that just continued to unfold
and throughout it not only did we agree
but we learned how to disagree and we
did it in such a respectful and
productive way that I thought I want to
be a part of that team
I love it so there are some some
similarities to what I experienced in
joining zenefits and brexit and there's
one thing that stands out that is
dissimilar so uh your background which
maybe um just tell us a little bit about
uh your experience prior to whiz
um but but one thing that stands out is
I think it was it was in the same space
so you were you you spend a bunch of
time in this sort of cyber security
space tell us a little bit about that
and then how you thought about
continuing in that similar domain versus
um uh or like was that part of the
criteria were you specifically looking
for companies in a similar space that
you had experience in yeah interesting
um
I love security
I I I think our customers and our
partners I think they're superheroes
like every day they wake up and they
they fight in a movable force and so
getting to play a small and hopefully
valuable role and contribute to their
success and therefore you know secure
their Enterprise or protect our
government or whatever the the
happenstance is like I I'm motivated
every day because I know that the work
we do helps other people and that's why
I take so much pride in not the way we
sell but the way we service and support
okay like do we just wake up every day
and earn it do we earn our customer
trust and so
um for me security has always been at
the Forefront and I was lucky enough to
kind of parlay that into answering your
initial question
um I started as a bdr at Big Fix like
and I loved it every second of it
because I was learning every day and
acquiring new skills every day and in
parallel falling in love with security
and being exposed to it and coached
through it and so I kind of worked my
way up bdr individual contributor leader
to where I am now throughout the years
and at every turn security is always at
the Forefront because I'm passionate
about it
super cool so so trying to uh package
this up for maybe some takeaways folks
looking to hire uh the next Colin
um a couple things that are consistent
with my experience which is the number
one reason that I joined uh both
xenovitz and brex
um is also the people Colin you
mentioned the same thing and for me
specifically the people was the founders
and I think you you mentioned that as
well
um it was at zinnovitz Parker and at
brex Pedro Enrique and man I just like
believe that these people were going to
build a really big business
um a lot of philosophical alignment as
well wanted to work with them but but it
did come down to the people one thing
that is
um nuanced but different you were also
extremely passionate about this category
of security which maybe I'll frame that
for the audience as like an added bonus
then if you can get someone who you
believe can have it in incredible impact
on the business and has this track
record that is calling like where starts
it as a bdr just crushes it realizes a
bunch of promotions over a number of
years and uh that person is also
extremely passionate about the specific
domain that you are building in
um that is uh the stars aligning a bit
um but maybe don't require that passion
um using my personal experiences is a
bit of a guide there where you know I
started an electronic signature I moved
to uh HR all in one uh payroll type
category and then lastly was it brex
which is a fintech uh so corporate cards
banking Finance
um let's let's continue along this
journey so uh you find a match made in
heaven with whiz uh you join the company
tell us a little bit about the
environment that existed in February of
2021 when you joined
this is a very traditional startup the
you know the unique circumstances are
actually out of our control right like
geolocation and distribution due to the
pandemic uh forced our hand a bit right
so I'm here in Denver Colorado the
majority of our team is in Tel Aviv
um we all have different Focus areas and
functions that we're responsible for at
the time mind being on the go to market
side there's being mostly product and
engineering and so we
you can picture
um
like the traditional startup office
environment Circa 2015 except we were
Worlds Apart right we knew that we had
uh this evolving Dynamic product that we
needed to bring to Market because the
demand was almost immediate but we had
to figure out not just how we were going
to do that but how we were going to do
that successfully in such a short period
of time knowing that we were operating
in a distributed environment worlds
apart and so there's some unique
challenges to our story that
um led to many late nights or early
mornings right trying to align time
zones I think how difficult can that be
it's nearly impossible when you look at
the calendars and you realize 3 A.M is
the only time where we can all be
together and so you start to you start
to create this new pattern of working as
you do in any startup but for us it was
just a bit different due to some forces
we didn't control
um and then when I look at the go to
market and sell side specifically
it didn't take very long to realize that
we needed to start meeting demand or
else people were going to question
whether or not we were serious and so we
had to we had to build
grow and scale simultaneously in certain
regards in order to kind of go from zero
to a hundred pun intended I guess pun
intended yeah zero to 100 literally the
customers were there and they needed our
help
and so how do you build the foundation
in the right way to make sure that what
you built is not just good for a hundred
but it's good you know one of the things
I'm proud of is 200 million plus in 27
months that means what we built
initially the structure the foundational
elements is solid and so to do that
in this environment at this pace at this
scale
um is a part of our journey that I look
back on with tremendous Pride very cool
um I'm going to backtrack just a little
bit which I don't love doing but one
thing that I I
um glossed over how were you first
introduced to the business
fantastic
um
I I was I'm the luckiest duck in the
pond right I was so fortunate to to have
great leaders of my past who
challenged developed and then ultimately
recognized that I was ready for an
opportunity like this one
um and they facilitated some
introductions to the VC Community one
thing led to another I just started
meeting everyone I could it didn't
matter if there's a potential
opportunity I just wanted to to meet
with folks who I could learn from and
and share ideas with and
um I probably owe some of them some
money for counseling sessions at
different points but uh ultimately
charged index uh douglioni at Sequoia
connected me to our CEO and the
conversation started as just two people
Worlds Apart meeting for the first time
and just never ended just continued and
to your point it's like I always think
about
finding teams you you're a part of and
identifying people you want to work with
is it's like music like you might like
reggae I might like country music if we
both like reggae then great here we go
but everybody likes music it's how do
you find that that common connection
between different genres in order to
build something successful
awesome so reinforcing a theme that has
been consistently represented on this
podcast which is leveraging your network
in these types of situations and I think
it goes both ways
um you as this incredible candidate at
the time leveraged your personal network
uh where you have this track record of
performance and you wanted your
reputation to precede you and so you uh
reached out to your personal Network
that included VCS who introduced you to
companies like Wiz that were leveraging
their personal Network and their
investors and it was this like network
connection it it's the exact same thing
for me
um and it's the exact same thing for so
many others that have been on this
podcast which was you know I'll
reference my personal experience Jason
uh limkin introduced me to Parker it's
innovitz when I was ready for my first
VP of sales opportunity and YC
introduced me to Pedro and Rex when I
was uh you know evaluating New
Opportunities post xenovitz
um and so you know so many of these data
points just leveraging your network in
um more ways than one uh let's go back
um you talked about the environment that
existed at the time that you did join
um and you talked a little bit about go
to market specifically
um so so let's go back to that time
where sort of like day one through day
60 something like that what were the
first things that you were focused on
like how did you allocate your time
so
for me I think like I say playbooks are
prisons right like so many times we see
leaders or Executives join organizations
and bring playbooks that they've
implemented elsewhere
um assuming that it's going to be
effective in a new environment
and so the it was a listening tour
um a lot like I observed everything I
listened to everyone and internally and
externally and and one of the things
that that struck me was
trying to find time on calendars I think
right you remember there's dozens of us
at this point and the majority of our
teams are focused on product and
engineering
but everybody's calendar was full of of
customer calls
like everybody all day every day we were
talking to customers and so I remember
trying to organize a meeting between the
five of us six of us and saying like
this is damn near impossible because
there's customers on the other end and I
I know what that means I mean that means
we need to get on the phone and listen a
great deal we need to understand what
customers see in US versus what we see
in ourselves and then utilize that to I
don't say standardize but very quickly
put together a value proposition with a
complementary tone that customers were
reacting to and so I I gave myself 60
days to do that I think we had to do it
in roughly four right like we had a week
to get that right in order to make sure
we didn't we didn't miss the opportunity
and then very quickly I had to
transition into to finding some trusted
resources to go meet that demand in the
marketplace we had to start hiring and
we had to start building almost
instantaneously
so much Insight in that answer
um you were in this privileged position
where your problem and it was a bit of a
problem was that you were
um swimming in demand you had so much
demand that there were calendars that
were full of demos and it was difficult
for you to find time outside of these
customer interactions to meet as a team
and the takeaway for me in that answer
is regardless of whether you're swimming
in demand or not the way that I've
typically approached
um whether it's day one day 60 or day uh
one thousand there's there's going to be
some bottleneck in the uh customer
acquisition or Revenue growth uh
spectrum and you need to find that
bottleneck and start applying as much
pressure and attention until you
alleviate that bottleneck and it moves
some somewhere else and so for you guys
your specific bottleneck was we have a
lot of demand and we actually don't have
the resources in the form of sales
people to
um uh adequately serve this demand so we
need to go out and hire uh and tell us a
little bit about that process so you
join you identify this
um opportunity who did you hire how did
you recruit sourcing candidates just
just tell us about some of the details
there yeah and and just a kind of
comment on it like people think about
product my earlier found product Market
fit like I call that unrecognized demand
like you should always be seeking demand
because if you have demand you have
product Market fit and for us it wasn't
just what was in front of us it was the
fact that
there was so much more demand to be
created in a very short period of time
that was compelling right so like you
can go I can run through 100 customers
all by myself that's not the point the
point is what do you learn from the
first 10 to to go to a thousand even
faster and so like I always think about
this pivotal juncture where of course
there's demand but how do you create
more of it and how do you recognize it
and that's not a sales lead effort like
just for everybody is listening that's
an organizational effort that means that
adjusting road maps and feature function
and product Direction and marketing
approach like that for me is it should
be a company objective number one at all
times when it comes to hiring it's a
very traditional story in the sense that
over your career you have opportunities
to work with interface with
um admire and observe
some professionals that you connect with
as people and therefore you build these
Bonds in this this level of trust where
I had to look some people in in the face
and say like this is a huge risk like I
understand you trust me
but it is a seed company this is where
we're at and so you have
um families to provide for mortgages to
pay but I really went straight into my
network and I identified a few people
um both on the the sales direct sales
side as well as the
uh upside and said
I think we have something but it's a
calculated risk and I need you to be
aware and so I went and got a couple
sales uh folks the sales leader and uh
some Ops people and some support staff
to make sure that we could
over invest in the Ops part of our
business while we were driving that
Demand on the sales side
it's awesome it it continues to
reinforce this theme that is
consistently represented on this podcast
just around leveraging the network in so
many different ways whether it's
recruiting demand gen and more in this
specific example when you hire a senior
sales leader there should be some
expectation that that senior sales
leader has the ability to Source recruit
and hire people in network that have a
low risk of success and high probability
of or low risk of failure high
probability of success
um Colin you did that with several folks
it was thinking back to my time at brex
when I joined
um the first two sales reps that were
there we had hired a CFO as one of our
first employees he had come his name's
Michael Tannenbaum he had come from Sofi
the first sales reps were Michael
Tannenbaum so if I uh uh reps that it so
it doesn't have to be the network of the
person leading the organization I
entered this world where there were
already a couple in-network hires from
our CFO and I brought in a bunch of
people from my personal Network and then
continued this path where uh Brandon
Boyle was an early sales rep that I
brought in uh I knew him from xenovitz
and he brought in an incredible person
named Jack from Gusto that was another
brand was at gusto in between zenfitz
and brexit so you just like continue
down this path of leveraging the
networks your personal Network and the
networks of others that are top
performers within the organization and
before you know it you have this really
unbelievable team of All-Stars totally
there's there's two things that jump out
of me one is like it's so simple but you
are The Company You Keep
like if you're surrounded by a like I'm
this can you depending on how you
interpret this but like the best way to
celebrate over performance is not to
tolerate under performance but like a
players want to be with a players like
everybody is on the Yankees so to speak
uh or the Phillies depending on where
you live but so not the Royals right but
like so you are the company you keep one
and two
like all of the success that I I is
attributed to my career or whiz like
it's not me it's the fact that I
surround myself with these incredibly
talented selfless hard-working people
who just go and execute every single day
all day and so I've always looked at a
you know kind of like a coaching tree
like if if all of my coaches so to speak
are becoming head coaches for winning
Super Bowls or winning MVPs like then I
must be okay at my job unfortunately for
me I've had the the privilege of working
with so many wonderful talented people
that
um if you if you're looking to bring in
a cro or a sales leader or go to market
leader and they don't have the like the
best reflection of them is in the people
they bring
and if they don't have that then they're
probably not the leader you're looking
for
couldn't agree more you're preaching to
the choir just so much of what you said
resonates with me personally and and I
attribute so much of my personal success
uh to those that uh I've been able to
recruit we've had several folks on this
podcast
um Jameson Young from gong Matt plank
from Rippling Trish mishaw now at Guild
education who ran rev Ops at uh uh brex
like the the reason that the businesses
that I was a part of and the reason that
I was personally successful I just like
point to those folks and it sounds like
um you feel the same way and have your
your similar sort of group that you're
able to point to and couldn't agree more
on
um so many folks that are sitting in
your seat uh it's the same just like
this attribution of success to their
ability to recruit and the people that
they recruit really performing um at a
high level
but let's let's switch gears a little
bit
um you entered this environment where
demand was not the initial constraint
calendars full of demos as you described
it where was this demand coming from
it was very organic and it's a credit to
the approach our Founders took right
like as
as practitioners prior to like they
build out Alum they sell it to Microsoft
they take a set of responsibilities at
Microsoft security and they were
practitioners who were experiencing this
challenge that we solved for every
single day
and they thought they had a solution
but like any good idea it's not a good
idea until somebody else tells you and
more or less still hundreds or thousands
of people tell you like that's a great
idea and so they they took this approach
of let's go show other like-minded
practitioners who are dealing with this
set of challenges what we're up to and
get feedback and iterate and so they
built this Enterprise class ready to go
out of the box solution as a result of
collecting and applying feedback over a
period of you know six nine 12 months
and so the the initial direction of the
company and the product is very
different than what Wiz is today and I
think it's a testament to
um you know not only our co-founders but
a corporate philosophy of we should
always be listening first and and asking
questions more than speaking and so
when I see the when I saw the initial
demand that some of it was misunderstood
some of it was dated because the
conversation had transpired months prior
and they weren't actually aware of what
we were doing now or how we had evolved
um but I think just through Network and
interaction and asking really thoughtful
uh questions we were able to create a
pool of demand through our Network
just just sitting down and calling
people that we worked with or we knew or
whatever
um and just saying hey let us show you
what we're up to let us try to explain
it and then hopefully you can help it
make us better
again
um this theme of leveraging network
um it sounds like that was done at the
founder level
um uh when it comes to demand gen
customer acquisition generating calls to
learn about uh problems that potential
customers were facing and then Founders
would go back and design the solution
over time based off of what they would
learn the second thing that
um I hear that isn't totally related to
demand gen but for Founders out there it
is a consistent theme
um even if you're as a Founder on the
more technical or product Visionary side
you're not a go to market or business
oriented founder so many of the best
Founders at the best companies spend a
high percentage of their time customer
facing
um and that happens on day one and it
happens on day one thousand and so Colin
I'm curious do your I guess two things
do your Founders still spend a fair
amount of time meeting with customers in
in prospective customers
um and then second part of that question
is as the company has matured how have
the demand gen channels also matured
yeah that's a good question
um a couple of things and just while
it's top of mind like we talk about the
network effect quite often in our
industry because it is it's a multiplier
it's a force multiplier at times like
specifically within the security domain
your network is earned
over an extended period of time like I
will never do anything that I don't
believe is the right thing for a
customer right and so like you have to
earn that credibility and that trust and
build that Network through your actions
not some happy hour at some event and at
the Moscone Center right like so just to
clarify I think too often we see uh what
I'll call transactional connections as
building our Network it's not true
that's not how you earn trust and you
build credibility in relationship with
people it is through your actions over
extended period of times and having a
set of core values you will never
deviate from and then you know like door
Founders Executives spend time with
customers every single day
like our responsibility to our customers
in the Market at large is especially in
the cloud it's the most dynamic part of
the market right now right it goes up it
comes down it goes this way it goes that
way your world changes their business
changes your Cloud changes it's like if
if our responsibility and our Focus
isn't on understanding what our
customers are going through and how
their world is changing and therefore as
a byproduct of that we need to change
then we missed the point like we never
set out with these ambitious Revenue
targets like that was never the goal it
wasn't talked about very often like we
set out to build a world-class product
to solve the biggest problem in a
particular industry and the only way for
us to stay in touch or attach to our
customers throughout our life cycle
which were at the very beginning of is
to be present with them
so all day every day customer customer
right like that's it's a non-starter
it's table Stakes
uh talking about you know kind of
sources of pipeline it all depends on
not just your go to market but your
routes to Market like we announced
earlier this year we're transitioning
from a kind of hybrid direct Channel
model to 100 Channel that's a result of
how our customers are telling us they
want to buy right like we didn't make
that decision our customers made it for
us but what comes with that is diversity
in your pipeline generation sources
whether that be you know very
traditional bdr or marketing or you know
your sales LED and generated pipeline to
now for us a huge investment area which
is our Channel sourced and generated
Pipeline and thankfully we've we've
found ourselves in a position where our
partners understand just like our
customers that we have something of
value that can really help them and and
they're bringing the pipeline to us
and in the earlier earlier days when you
joined whiz and it didn't have the brand
Tailwinds of a lot of the things that
we're talking about right now
um which are the growth of the business
the valuation of the business so many
customers that are probably in Market
championing the brand what were some of
the initiatives around brand that were
successful for you and anything maybe on
on the flip side uh that was less
successful that comes to mind
yeah like I think a few
and you'll this I know this little I'll
register with you like I believe this to
be true on day one I believe it to be
true on day a thousand to use your
terminology like every employee who
works here is the brand
you're the brand first and foremost how
you how you conduct yourselves how you
engage how you Market us like what what
tone you set like you are the brand
every single day and therefore I have to
trust you to represent who we want to be
and what we represent every single day
and that that's just an expectation we
have of every employee now until forever
but to your point I think what we all
had
was personal brands
we we knew we had great Visionary and
great product a great execution and
great go to market and so the people who
we had connected to earlier in our
careers really trusted US based upon our
word they took us out of our word that
we were going to do something and we
were that thing was going to be exactly
what we said we were going to do like
there was no gray area if we promised it
we committed it we delivered upon it and
and over time you see that change thing
and you know like thankfully in our case
it's due to you know some success but
there's a there's a multiplier effect
and an order of magnitude where you do
that enough times you do the right thing
every time you get a reputation for
doing the right thing every time and
sometimes that means stepping up and
saying we got it wrong like I can think
of a handful of instances very early on
where you know like maybe I
miscalculated the pricing model like I
just didn't understand the customer
environment well enough and the number
was wrong and I had to call them back
and say actually it's not that right
that was my mistake we'll honor our
commitment to you
um but building that brand and what I
call the currency of trust right like in
every interaction There's an opportunity
to either build or break trust you
better be building it and then security
specifically with the position our
buyers are in
if you're not building trust you don't
have a chance
interesting Insight around uh in this
domain of security so much of the brand
is trust and when we were thinking about
building a brand the way that we thought
about it or at least a a big way that we
thought about it was establishing trust
um and and so we did that uh through uh
the the examples that eaters provided
around
um just being completely honest
delivering results the types of things
that you committed to
um okay so you referenced
earlier
um on the call that uh you didn't set
out with these incredibly aggressive
Revenue targets I listened to a
different podcast of yours where you
talked about your initial Revenue Target
I think for the the fiscal year of 2022
was something like eight million dollars
and your Plan called for 22 people in
the revenue organization
um and that didn't last long so your
actuals were something like 40 million
in revenue and a hundred plus people uh
so 5x on each the revenue and the head
count side can you talk to us a little
bit about how that plan evolved
throughout the year was this one major
re-forecast that you did when you
realized like man this is taking off a
lot faster than we thought
um who was pushing to go bigger uh just
tell us anything that comes to mind with
uh uh this crazy change to the plan yeah
it's
so who pushed us to go bigger though the
market did like that wasn't a decision
that we made but we
when you start to make go to market
Investments and the return is much
higher than anticipated right I think
there's this notion of like okay let's
see if it's there ultimately I had to
sit down with our CEO and ask him to
trust me and I needed him to trust me
with
it's not free it costs millions of
dollars to build a team that big in that
period of time to generate the revenue
now with that said I'm a big believer in
milestone-based planning if a plus b
equals c you better move on to D and
right so like objectify the outcomes and
the Milestones so that it's a no-brainer
the hard part is thinking through what
those should be and in our world I can
tell you very early on like when I
started throwing a number around in the
with a it started with a four people
thought I lost my mind because we were
nowhere near that right we didn't have
the pipeline for that
but the pattern and the trend in the
analysis was there if we do a and we do
it well b c will be the outcome and if C
is the outcome we better get ready for
next year right now and so there wasn't
a massive a one-time exercise where we
shifted the goal post and picked a new
Target it was iterative and
challenging right like at any given time
one particular variable could could you
know destruct to the entire
um build of any plan that we had in our
hands and so we had to be adaptive and
willing to admit like got that
assumption wrong better move on right
like not no harm no foul we
miscalculated world's moving fast let's
sit down and do it again and let's sit
down and do it again and let's do it
again and again and again until
we get it right and frankly I don't
think most organizations are forced into
that situation but I'm so glad we were
because how repetitive it became if we
build a skill set and a muscle as an
organization so early in our journey
that will benefit us for years to come
lots of uh takeaways one thing that I
loved from something that you just said
which is counter-intuitive or certainly
not um the standard which is you first
you said like the market is what drove
the increase in targets and the increase
in head count
um but you said that you as the revenue
leader went to your CEO and said I want
to generate more Revenue hire more
people and trust me and you know
oftentimes that is the opposite of what
happens where you know Revenue leaders
are the the cliche term um sort of like
condescending term is you know
sandbagging uh where if there's evidence
that we can actually grow faster or you
don't want a surface that that's
possible because you want to you know
over deliver and Crush numbers and uh it
gives you a chance to like lay off the
gas a little bit one thing that I have
learned as as I've gotten sort of more
experienced in my career which it sounds
like
um uh is is some like maybe you wouldn't
articulate it this way but it's probably
happening it's just this like paranoia
and obsession with how can we grow
faster
um just constantly thinking about what
are the opportunities for us as a
business to grow faster regardless of
what the target is is it additional
demand is it increasing acvs is it uh
working with the different personas it's
just like constant paranoia around how
can we grow faster regardless of what
the targets are and then I'll share one
uh other story because I went through a
similar experience not quite as extreme
um it benefits When I was a bit more
Junior in my career but but this mindset
helped me progress in my career in
different things different exercises
that I would do with folks on my team
um when xenovitz was uh very young and
immature we had a goal of going from
like five hundred thousand dollars in
ARR to 10 million in ARR in uh one year
This was 2014.
um and about in March of that year
Parker sat down with me and Matt Epstein
who was the uh marketing leader and we
were beating the q1 revenue targets and
he said let's go through this thought
exercise of what would it take for us to
get to 20 million this year
um and look like you know if we get
between 10 and 20 that's still a win
we're still like one of the fastest
growing tech companies of all time but
like let's go through this thought
exercise and we mapped out a lot of what
you just described which is head count
related we needed to hire more people if
this was going to happen and we came
away from that meeting with okay let's
do the things that sort of make sense
that we circled on this whiteboard let's
not do some of the ones that seem a
little bit crazy and see how the year
progresses and I think the takeaway from
that meeting for me was
um I'm constant and the other thing was
like Parker was doing this without every
team but I'm constantly doing that with
my team which is okay like you know we
want to get here yes that's a success
but what would it take for us to get
here like what would we need to do
differently to get to 200 of our number
instead of 120 and I know at least at
zenovitz that was happening across the
entire organization it was like okay
we're supposed to deliver this product
on September 1st as we sit here we're at
May 30th and what would it take to
deliver this thing um Late July instead
uh and so that type of
um thought exercise I found really
impactful for me personally but also
others that I've worked with
yeah I have so many thoughts because
you're spot on in in so many different
ways right like I get I can go back to
to college and outside of our locker
room there's a quote on the wall it says
to find the the limits of the possible
is to go beyond them into the impossible
okay and so we condition ourselves to to
think we know what reality is or what
outcome we can achieve
that's not our story that's us
interpreting and applying somebody
else's story to ourselves and so I feel
like
as a team as a leader as a human being I
believe in one percent better I believe
in pushing the envelope I believe in
setting higher expectations for
ourselves than anybody else because the
the only way to figure out how great you
can be is to fall short of it
like Excellence is unachievable because
you're always in pursuit of it right and
so like every once in a while sitting
your team down and saying like throw
everything out the window and tell me
how we can do this
what is this how do you know that that's
it right and and we've continuously
pushed ourselves and our teams to do
that exercise regularly because it's
healthy it allows us to gut check what
what worked in the past won't work in
the future so that's one thing that
I couldn't agree more with the other one
is like
we have Revenue Milestones targets
whatever you want to call them like
those are inflection points like some of
that you control some of that you don't
control like making sure you're obsessed
with it because you need to understand
it and adjust accordingly like that's
the whole point I feel like so many
um go to market leaders are focused on
Revenue targets or it's like no no our
job is to create shareholder value
we pulled different levers at different
times throughout our journey in order to
maximize value for those that uh
invested in us or who are invested in us
and so like it Gets Lost in Translation
so often and I'll never understand why
shareholder value is always number one
the way you go about creating that
should be very different from time to
time and like after that push to the
Limit as far as you can every single day
love that
um we're getting a little uh
philosophical which I think is uh great
um and hopefully insightful for the
audience let's continue down that path
and um end on what hopefully is a bit of
a high note and again it's sort of like
philosophical I don't know if you've
ever received uh piece of advice that uh
was sort of like most impactful for you
personally throughout your career it
would be helpful to share with the
audience um that could help those that
are listening
yeah it's so generic but I say it to
myself every morning it is an
affirmation right like
the hardest part every single day is
putting your boots on and going to work
so like get your ass out of bed and go
do the best job you possibly can right
now and like it's the first thought I
have every morning when I wake up and
you know the it's interesting as a
parent now like I have a different one
with my kids which is what's today like
today is a good day for a great day like
the only one who controls whether or not
I have a great day and I worked as hard
as I possibly can today is me
nobody else gets to influence or impact
that and so like I know it sounds so
simple but for me like I go back to
kindergarten principles regularly like
treat people the right way work as hard
as you can try to help other people like
that's my advice like you do that you're
you're working on a life of significance
and Impact versus success
and and that's what it should all be
about
uh I'm I'm sitting here smiling and and
that uh piece of advice or or the way
that you sort of like live your career
is resonating with me one one thing that
comes to mind that I constantly remind
myself
um and it's it's in the same vein my
takeaway from what you just said is it's
around like motivation
um like the hardest part of the day put
your boots on give all of your effort
positive attitude and one thing that has
resonated with me is it just never to be
satisfied
um which is it's a different version but
the output is probably similar because
like the second that you're satisfied
with some achievement or performance or
you're you're you're you're going to
perform less well
um and so if you're just constantly
striving for more better Improvement uh
the outcome will be significantly
greater
um so anyway uh maybe maybe we in there
Colin this has been a blast thank you
for joining um such an insightful
conversation you all are just crushing
it uh so congratulations on all the
success and best of luck continuing uh
building this rocket ship thank you all
so much for having me and uh I can't
wait to listen to to others and learn
from others as well so thank you so much
Sam amazing take care
foreign
[Music]